Last Updated: 28 Oct 2016


Expected Salary :
SGD 5,000
Jonathan Pan
Compliance Officer at Aberdeen Asset Management

Experience	

6 years



Previous	

Investment Analyst
SFP Asset Management



Education	

University of Sunderland
Bachelor's (2012)



Nationality	




Mobile No.	

81114943


Email	

jonpan1988@gmail.com


Age	

28 years old




Experience

Dec 2015 - Present
(1 year 3 months)
Compliance Officer
Aberdeen Asset Management

Position level	Cerf/Dip
Monthly Salary	SGD 4,600

Mar 2015 - Present
(2 years)
Funds Desk Support
HSBC Private Bank | 

Position level	Cerf/Dip
Monthly Salary	SGD 4,200

Liaison between internal stakeholders (Private Bankers/Investment Counsellors) and Fund Houses.

Advising on queries relating to external Funds offered by the Private Bank.

Working with Fund Houses to organize Fund Presentation/Luncheon for internal stakeholders.

Generating of weekly Fund inflows/outflows and Fund Desk’s AUM.

Working with Bankers and Ops on procedures for exceptional cases.

Maintaining Fund’s Desk Fund Database

Other adhoc task relating to Fund Desk


Oct 2014 - Feb 2015
(4 months)
Investment Analyst
SFP Asset Management | 

Position level	Asc Degree
Monthly Salary	SGD 3,900

• Analyst for Fund of funds firm with portfolios covering equities, fixed income, hedge funds and private equity funds.
• Provide investment research and due diligence checks on Funds and Fund Manager.
• Generate ideas for recommendations on funds to be added or removed from portfolios.
• Maintaining portfolio tools to ensure up to date information on portfolios.
• Maintaining and generating of risk and performance reports.
• Maintaining the Portfolio Management System through the booking of trades and updating of security prices.
• Other ad-hoc request from Chief Investment Officer or Fund Manager.


Nov 2012 - Sep 2014
(1 year 10 months)
Associate
Citibank N.A.

Position level	Asc Degree
Monthly Salary	SGD 3,412

Associate, Fund Compliance, CITIBANK
• Monitoring of investment and transactional activities of fund managers to ensure compliance with regulatory and client-mandated guidelines.
• Analyse and evaluate compliance through checks such as credit rating, derivative exposure, deviation from index weightings.
• Portfolio consisting various funds such as mutual funds, pension funds and exchange traded funds, covering countries in Asia such as Hong Kong, China, Taiwan, Malaysia, Singapore and Australia.
• Ensure timely and accurate reporting of breaches to clients and internal stakeholders.
• Provide quality service through assisting of clients with investigation into reported breaches or other ad-hoc queries raised by the clients.
• Assist with on-boarding of new clients by analysing client’s investment guidelines and providing advice on system capabilities to support the guidelines.
• Maintenance of rules and lookup groups in compliance system to ensure checks are performed accurately.
• Handled system projects such as implementation of new data fields.
• Training and guiding of new staff.
• Other duties include performing review of NAV report in respect of Cash/Stock Reconciliation; Unit Position Information; Price Variance Reports; Outstanding reports; monitor NAV Calculation and Price Errors.


Feb 2011 - Nov 2012
(1 year 9 months)
Officer
CIMB Bank Berhad

Position level	Bachelor's

Officer, Private Banking Operations, CIMB Bank
May 2012 - October 2012

• Setting up of the Private Banking Operations (Middle Office Role) which consists of establishing the Policy & Procedure and Process workflow for the Private Banking Operations.
• Coordinating and mapping of processes for Sales, Product, Credit & Operations for the Private Bank.
• Working alongside SVPs and VPs in setting up of the Private Bank.
• Liaising with stakeholders such as Compliance, Treasury & Operations to ensure good coordination between the Private Bank and the various departments.
• Other duties include UAT testing for Triple ‘A’ Plus and other ad hoc assignments to establish Private Banking Operations

Officer, Electronic Banking Channel Operations, CIMB Bank
April 2012 – May 2012
Special Grade Clerk, Electronic Banking Channel Operations, CIMB Bank
February 2011 – March 2012

• Issuance of e-Banking products (ATM Cards/SMS/Token-OTP)
• E-Banking disputes (ATM/i-Banking)
• Payment settlements (Regional/Cirrus)
• Experience in UAT testing and Core-Banking cutover
• Experience in dealing with regional counterparts (Malaysia/Indonesia/Thailand)
Notable Achievement includes:
• Process improvements which has led to significant turn-around time and cost savings.
• Developed spreadsheets for e-Banking statistics/tracking and reporting for senior management.




Education

2012
University of Sunderland
Bachelor's

Major	Mechanical Engineering
Grade	Higher Sec



JobStreet English Language Assessment (JELA)
Date Taken		5 Dec 2013
Score			37/40



Additional Info

Expected Salary			SGD 5,000


About Me

Gender	
Unknown

Address	




 
